### Files

If there is one thing I would like to shamelessly steal from Python, pretty much 1:1, it's the way modules and importing work.

```
from <file> import <identifier>
from <file> import <identifier> as <alias>
import <file> ; like a little ad-hoc namespace, anyway - like Python
```

The only difference would be that we always have to start from some common root, the `src` directory, let's say.\
No relative paths to files.

### Access control

Just `internal` keyword, or `private`, or something. Maybe...\
Anyway, whatever is `internal`, cannot be imported. The end.

We're not guarding some mutable state from becoming invalid in case of free access, so we don't need anything else.\
In fact, we don't even this much.

No "default" visibility between files in the same directory. In other words, no package-private from Java.

**2023-04-16:**\
Actually, maybe there is still use for access control, even with only pure functions and constants...
Maybe they can be (in)valid depending on the context...

Another thing I "encountered" when thinking about all this:\
Let's say public access is the default, and you need to make stuff `internal` or `private`, if you want to prevent it.\
Then you make some function or something, which you never intend to import, in your mind it's private, but you forgot to say it explicitly.\
Now it's importable in other files and you're unaware.

Let's say private access is the default, and you need to make stuff `export`, `exported`, `public`, or whatever, if you want to prevent it.\
Then you make some function or something, which you never intend to import, good, you don't have to do anything, even if you forgot to specify.\
In fact, it's impossible to "forget", there isn't even a `private` keyword, or similar.

But let's say you want to import it, but forgot to add `export` or whatever. You go to the other file and `import` it.\
Boom! Compilation error! `Module <...> does not export <what you wanted to import>`, or something...\
You sigh deeply, go back to the file with the definition and make it public.\
Clean!

Aaaand... In `SLOTs` we already have `interface`, maybe I should somehow "merge" whatever I use for "public", "exported",
or "exposed" with `interface`?

**TBD**