Nothing like melting your brain for three days trying to find a clever way to have polymorphism in your language,
only to then say: **** it, DUCK TYPING...

Except, of course, it still isn't as bad as having no types at all and then betting how soon production blows up!\
When a `type` doesn't conform to some other `type`'s interface, then the substitution is not allowed.

The problem with that:

```
type Pet {
    name: String
    ...
    ...
}

type WarehouseInventoryEntry {
    name: String
    ...
    ...
    ...
}

sell = (item: WarehouseInventoryEntry) {
    write("We just sold {item.name}!")
}

root = () {
    something = Pet { name = "Fluffy", ... }
    sell(something)
}
```

Compiles without blinking an eye _(1)_ and prints "We just sold Fluffy!".

_(1)_ unless `Pet` doesn't have some property that `WarehouseInventoryEntry` has, which... would probably be the case, but you get my point.

So, I thought, what about confirming that you know what you're doing:

```
root = () {
    pet = Pet { name = "Fluffy", ... } ; first of all, name your constants right!
    sell(pet as WarehouseInventoryEntry) ; ok then, if you insist...
}
```

Except... imagine having to pass `thing as OtherThing` all over your code when you want to use polymorphism!

You can't just `write` (print) anything either, oh no, `write(thing as Writeable)`!\
Or just... `write(thing.myCustomToString())`, which is a bit more sane...

So, yeah... This article just changed nothing...

------

**But wait...**

This brings me back to the very beginning of 14.14. and Python with its "special functions",
or whatever they are called, like `__str__` etc., etc...

What if it's basically like in that article (14.14.), but... You can never have anything **but** features in signatures functions?
And also **only** types everywhere else?

Like **always** `function = (thing: SomeFeature) { ... }`, and **never** `function = (thing: SomeType) { ... }`

Complete decoupling of "expecting things" and "providing things".

And then maybe some syntactic sugar for writing both at the same time:

```
feature and type Something {
    ...
}

type and feature SomethingElse {
    ...
}
```

...or something? So, still, you couldn't have a `feature` on the "out" side, like a normal `type` of a constant,
or returned from a function.
And you could never have a `type` as a function parameter "type" - that would be a `feature`, always.

I think what I mean is most visible with function types: `OnlyFeaturesHere -> OnlyTypesHere`.

And **then**... it doesn't even matter if it's duck typing, or explicit `type Type promises Feature`?

Anyway, selling poor Fluffy would be impossible:

```
sell = (item: WarehouseInventoryEntry) { ; compilation error: WarehouseInventoryEntry is a type, not a feature!
    write("We just sold {item.name}!")
}
```

You would have to write that function like this to sell Fluffy, so it would still be possible,
but it's easier to see that maybe you're doing something wrong:

```
feature Named {
    name: String
}

sell = (item: Named) {
    ...
}
```

...but then, selling some abstract concept as long as it has a name? What???

Same with being able to print anything, as long as it (explicitly or implicitly, **TBD**) "implemented" (or promised, or whatever)...

```
feature Writeable {
    toString(): String
}

type MyType :: Writeable { ... } ; now you can pass an instance to write()
```

`::` or not `::`, but you know, the concept is what matters now.

(this is needed because there is no root type (and neither a root feature), like `Object` in Java, which makes it safe to assume that
literally any object in Java will have `toString`, even if it's the default implementation from `Object`)