### The "void" / "unit" type
```
None
```

### The "no value", or "empty" type
```
None
```

Yes, we're **_experimentally_** merging "void" and "null", like Python.
Because there is only one `Unit` and there is only one `null` (in Kotlin).
Their purpose is just existing and "meaning something", like a buoy on the sea.

No inheritance, so no `Any`, or some such (root type).

### Primitives

By the way, `;` means a comment. Because `//` will probably be whole (or floor) division.

```
Boolean
String
Character
Integer ; long in Java
Number ; double in Java
Array<T>
```

I thought, maybe, to make life easier for beginners, we'll have only 64-bit numbers, so:
- `Integer` is a "classic" `Long`
- `Number` is a "classic" `Double`
- ... and that's it, no `Int`, no `Short` etc.
- ... or quite the opposite: `Int16`, `Int32`, `Float32`, `Float64` and so on, maybe even `UInt32` etc.?
- ... and if so, then `type Integer = Int64` or `alias Integer = Int64` etc.?

The somewhat unorthodox naming of the numbers slightly bothers me, but we will see.

### Other notable types

Still built-in, but hidden somewhere deeper in the stdlib, need explicit importing...

```
Fraction ; numerator, denominator, maybe with unsigned integers and a third property: sign, if we do unsigned (probably yes)
Decimal ; basically BigDecimal from Java
Date
DateTime
Time
ZonedDateTime ; ... and so on
```

### The type with no instances

`Nothing` in Kotlin, but to me, it still sounds more like `void` or `None` or `Unit`.
Like it still has the property that there is exactly one "nothing".

"Never is even more nothing that nothingness." ... you know what I mean.

```
Never
```

So, an uncallable function would be `Never -> some T`.\
And a function which never returns (always panics or gets stuck in an infinite loop,
or schedules a periodic task and blocks): `some T -> Never`\
But is this even needed?

### Speaking of... Function type

Maybe it's the length of a string...

```
String -> Integer
```

Maybe it's addition, or multiplication, or max etc...

```
Integer, Integer -> Integer
```

Kotlin's `() -> Unit` is `None -> None` etc.