### The "void" / "unit" type

```
None
```

### The "no value", or "empty" type

```
None
```

Yes, we're merging "void" and "null", like Python.
Because there is only one `Unit` and there is only one `null` (object and literal, respectively, in Kotlin).\
Their purpose is just existing and "meaning something":\
no _useful_ or _significant_ value, etc.

No `Any`, `Object`, or some such (root type).\
However, there is `any`, for not caring about a type at all, and for "type projections":
`function = (list: List[any of SomeType]) { ... }`

### Primitives

By the way, `;` means a comment. Because `//` will be whole (or floor) division.

```
Boolean
String
Character
Integer ; long in Java
Number ; double in Java
Array[T]
```

We will actually have all the numbers: `Int16`, `Int32`, `Float32`, `Float64` and so on, even `UInt32` etc.,
when you want to be more "low-level".
For more typical, "every day" use, and not to overwhelm beginners with everything at once, there will be aliases:
`type Integer = Int64` and `type Number = Float64` etc.\
By the way: `type Decimal = Integer | Number`

### Other notable types

Still built-in, but hidden somewhere deeper in the stdlib, need explicit importing... See 12.2.

```
Fraction ; unsigned numerator and denominator, and a third property: sign
PreciseDecimal ; or something, basically BigDecimal from Java
Date
DateTime
Time
ZonedDateTime ; ... and so on
```

### The type with no instances

`Nothing` in Kotlin, but to me, it still sounds more like `void` or `None` or `Unit`.
Like it still has the property that there is exactly one "nothing".

"Never is even more nothing that nothingness." ... you know what I mean.

```
Never
```

So, an uncallable function would be `Never -> any`.\
And a function which never returns (always panics or gets stuck in an infinite loop,
or schedules a periodic task and blocks): `any -> Never`

### Speaking of... Function type

Maybe it's the length of a string:

```
String -> Integer
```

Maybe it's addition, or multiplication, or max, etc.:

```
Integer, Integer -> Integer
```

Kotlin's `() -> Unit` is `None -> None`, etc.