Nothing like melting your brain for three days trying to find a clever way to have polymorphism in your language,
only to then say: **** it, DUCK TYPING...

Except, of course, it still isn't as bad as having no types at all and then betting how soon production blows up!\
When a `type` doesn't conform to some other `type`'s interface, then the substitution is not allowed.

The problem with that:

```
type Pet {
    name: String
    ...
    ...
}

type WarehouseInventoryEntry {
    name: String
    ...
    ...
    ...
}

sell = (item: WarehouseInventoryEntry) {
    write("We just sold {item.name}!")
}

root = () {
    something = Pet { name = "Fluffy", ... }
    sell(something)
}
```

Compiles without blinking an eye _(1)_ and prints "We just sold Fluffy!".

_(1)_ unless `Pet` doesn't have some property that `WarehouseInventoryEntry` has, which... would probably be the case, but you get my point.

So, I thought, what about confirming that you know what you're doing:

```
root = () {
    pet = Pet { name = "Fluffy", ... } ; first of all, name your constants right!
    sell(pet as WarehouseInventoryEntry) ; ok then, if you insist...
}
```

Except... imagine having to pass `thing as OtherThing` all over your code when you want to use polymorphism! _(2)_

You can't just `write` (print) anything either, oh no, `write(thing as Writeable)`!\
Or just... `write(thing.myCustomToString())`, which is a bit more sane, but still tedious,
and what about other, more complicated cases?

So, yeah... This article just changed nothing...

------

**But wait...**

This brings me back to the very beginning of 13.14. and Python with its "special functions",
or whatever they are called, like `__str__` etc., etc...

What if it's basically like in that article (13.14.), but... You can have **only** features in signatures of functions?
And also **only** types everywhere else?

Like **always** `function = (thing: SomeFeature) { ... }`, and **never** `function = (thing: SomeType) { ... }`

Complete decoupling of "expecting things" and "providing things".

And then maybe some syntactic sugar for writing both at the same time:

```
feature and type Something {
    ...
}

type and feature SomethingElse {
    ...
}
```

...or something? So, still, you couldn't have a `feature` on the "out" side, like a normal `type` of a constant,
or returned from a function.
And you could never have a `type` as a function parameter "type" - that would be a `feature`, always.

I think what I mean is most visible with function types: `OnlyFeaturesHere -> OnlyTypesHere`.

And **then**... it doesn't even matter if it's duck typing, or explicit `type Type promises Feature`?

Anyway, selling poor Fluffy would be impossible:

```
sell = (item: WarehouseInventoryEntry) { ; compilation error: WarehouseInventoryEntry is a type, not a feature!
    write("We just sold {item.name}!")
}
```

You would have to write that function like this to sell Fluffy, so it would still be possible,
but it's easier to see that maybe you're doing something wrong:

```
feature Named {
    name: String
}

sell = (item: Named) {
    ...
}
```

...but then, selling some abstract concept as long as it has a name? What???

Same with being able to print anything, as long as it (explicitly or implicitly, **TBD**) "implemented" (or promised, or whatever) `Writeable`:

```
feature Writeable {
    toString(): String
}

type MyType :: Writeable { ... } ; now you can pass an instance to write()
```

`::` or not `::`, but you know, the concept is what matters now.

(this is needed because there is no root type (and neither a root feature), like `Object` in Java, which makes it safe to assume that
literally any object in Java will have `toString`, even if it's the default implementation from `Object`)

Now the problem is, how to say that you want a list of something in a function:

```
map = [I, O] (list: List[I], mappingFunction: I -> O) -> List[O] { ... }
              ^^^^^^^^^^^^^ compilation error: 'List' is a type, not a feature
```

Hmmmmm... Maybe that's good? Well, maybe in this case it's good, because it suggests something...
that the list should actually be an `Iterable` (or a `Collection`, or `Sequence`, whatever a `List` is) _(3)_. But what about other cases? **TODO**

Yeah... that could work... Make the error message `compilation error: 'List' is a type, not a feature, did you mean 'Iterable'?`

And it wouldn't even be hardcoded in the compiler for `List`s, etc., it would actually be smart
and check the `type` you tried to write in the function signature for the `feature`s that the `type` `promises`,
then see if just one of them used instead of the `type` would still let the function compile, if it found that - it would suggest it!
Ha!

Or it could suggest combinations of features, if the type promised more than one, and no one feature would fix it, but maybe 2 would.

Still, what if we wanted to use some `List`-specific function/method?\
Hmm, that would mean that there should never be a `type`-specific function or property... It should always "come from" a `feature`...

Ok, last (not so "corner") corner case: what about a "simple type" which we want to pass to functions **and** return from them?\
And we don't want to write a `type` and an identical `feature`? And have to come up with different names for them?

----

But let's go back to _(2)_.\
You wouldn't need to say `thing as OtherThing` as in `function(thing as OtherThing)`,
you'd just say `function(coerce thing)`, where `coerce` is a keyword, or `force`, or `cast`, etc...
To confirm you know what you're doing. Without `coerce` it wouldn't compile. And even with `coerce`, it wouldn't compile
if `Thing` didn't conform to `OtherThing`'s interface. There, "duck typing with explicit confirmation".

The function knows what it expects, after all.
Still, that'd probably make `coerce` the most frequently used keyword in Radish, but...
At least it's another idea... That would fix it, if we're willing to accept `coerce` everywhere.

Hmm, maybe if (for example thanks to other ways of avoiding having to rely on polymorphism) this actually wasn't such a frequent
occurrence, then I think we have a winner. No "features" and weird jumping around variance of generics, etc.

... well of course it will be frequent, for example `write(coerce literallyAnythingButWriteableItself)`... Ehhhhhh.....

----

_(3)_ Speaking of "is". What would be the behaviour of `is` (instance-of check) against `feature`s?

----

**2023-04-28**:\
So what I was thinking this whole time was _structural typing_, which is _kind of_ like "static duck typing",
but not exactly, apparently.

Anyway, it doesn't seem like it would save me from variance (in generics at least):\
https://medium.com/@thejameskyle/type-systems-structural-vs-nominal-typing-explained-56511dd969f4 \
https://medium.com/@thejameskyle/type-systems-covariance-contravariance-bivariance-and-invariance-explained-35f43d1110f8

If it did, then _maybe_ I'd go for it...