Initially, `type`s were supposed to have no implementation, ever. Just instantiation. But then, how do I do something like this:

```
type Rectangle {
    height: Number
    width: Number
    area = height * width
}
```

Right? It actually does make sense _not_ to make it like:

```
type Rectangle {
    height: Number
    width: Number
    area: Number
}
```

Because then, I can say:

```
what = Rectangle {
    height = 2.0
    width = 3.0
    area = -100.5
}
```

And yes, I know, we just need a `area: Rectangle -> Number`, but we also need `area: AnyOtherShape -> Number`.\
With the standard OOP approach this is more intuitive, it's trivial, actually.\
Just implement `Shape`, which should have `area` (and `perimeter`, by the way).

However, those are still just some names, and some types, after all. The compiler can't always prevent bad design, and this still should be possible:

```
type Rectangle {
    height: Number
    width: Number
    area: Number
}
```

But it's bad that the following, which is much better in this case, is not possible:

```
type Rectangle {
    height: Number
    width: Number
    area = height * width
}
```

So... I hereby make it possible: `area` is now a **final** implementation. Why final? Well, I don't think there are any other
kinds of rectangles, ones that don't follow `area = height * width`.

So what about partially implemented abstract classes in Java, with the abstract methods protected
and left to-be-implemented by the subclass(es)?

With freely composable objects of `type`s, you don't need that, just "inject" a function into your object,
when instantiating it.

Finally, nothing stops you from making a type `final`, preventing it from being extended.\
Then implement some properties and/or functions, and the unimplemented ones are basically your constructor parameters.\
Boom! You have a standard OOP `final class`. Which is the good practice anyway.

**TODO** verify all this