### Positive

1. When I stopped trying to eat the cake and still have the cake, when it comes to variance, everything just kind of fell
into its place. Combined with `from` to solve "the diamond problem",
and with simply embracing variance (and stealing Kotlin's model for it, with `in`, `out`, and type projections) we seem
to have a nice, complete nominal type system. 99% chance this will be the final design.
2. Blocks (4.1.) are probably getting deprecated, just steal Kotlin's `run(() -> R): R`, problem solved.
3. `if condition then expression else expression` rather than `if condition then { expression } else { expression }`,
because I already deprecated blocks and don't allow "implicit return" (a "dangling" expression at the end of a block),
and this would probably be cleaner anyway, it forces us to provide _a (concise) expression_.
4. `constructors` in `slot`s are (in that snapshot, but this will probably be adopted) normal functions,
not functions returning `None` which are required to initialize the object completely.
As normal functions they also have to initialize the whole object, but it's indirect.
5. In a rather unexpected (even by myself) "plot-twist", we're not going with Python style imports.
We're going with simply `import ...`, no `from`, because it's actually simpler, and one keyword less.
6. Also, decisions about error handling are 99% coming back here...
7. `++` for string concatenation? Maybe?
8. The type of `root` (see 13.29.), I don't know why it took me so long...

### Negative?

1. Making a "rich" enum, with properties, etc., is _maybe_ a bit cumbersome. See 5.1. in the snapshot. +1 for `sealed type`s?
2. Maybe `extendable type ...` and final by default, rather than extendable by default and `final type ...`, TBD.
3. Serialization of `data type`s is... iffy... Although, this is a problem of my design in general, not this snapshot.
4. A very minor thing, but `set = emptySet[Integer]()` looks... so-so... maybe `set = emptySet[Integer]`, and that's it?
I think Scala does something like that...
Although, maybe not, this is obscuring the fact, that it's a function. So maybe `set = emptySet<Integer>()` after all?
Or I am just too used to `<T>`? We'll see... Just an observation...