### Polymorphism after all?

(Besides generics, anyway...)

~~99% no, but maybe,~~ if it didn't bring problems with it... like covariance and contravariance of generics with inheritance...

**2023-04-19**: but is variance a problem?

~~I've heard of "traits" (Groovy/Scala I think)?\
Investigate...~~ Investigated, nope...

~~Or a... let's say `&` operator. Where `|` is for union types, and is like "or" (although it's more like "xor"),
the `&` would be like an "and".\
Intersection, common parts only, etc...~~

~~So as long as we only cared about some specific property, we wouldn't have to check for the type, like with a union type,
if the property was present on all the types.~~

~~Does that even still count as polymorphism?~~

~~Also, technically, (it seems that) I could make union types "smart" like that... I don't know...~~

By the way, if I don't do this, then "xor" describes union types better than "or",
which means that maybe they should be called "disjunctive types", or something like that, not "union types"?

**2023-04-(17-19)**: Nope...\
Let's say I do that. Then I make some types with some overlap. Then a union type (or "intersection type") of those.
Then I use that union type in some functions, maybe in many places, and when I only care about the common properties, I don't type check.
Then I remove one property (of those common ones) from just one of the types. The "interface" of the union type,
or the "intersection type", just silently changed.

Now I have compilation errors in all those functions, in all those places where I have used that property I just removed.

Another problem is that I can't "plug in" a new type to this "hierarchy" without going to where the union type is defined,
and modifying it there.

Neither of the above problems is some terrible deal-breaker, but it's rather uncomfortable.
Until the union type is in a pre-compiled library, whose source code you can't modify.
Now it's a deal-breaker.

**Let's try again...**

... because there still are problems, or... inconveniences:
1. How do we make something iterable, to use it in a `for` loop? If it can't "implement" `Iterable`?
2. How do we actually create an immutable collection, besides a literal? How do we make a function `MutableSet<some E> -> Set<E>`?\
   We don't know how many elements are in the `MutableSet` until runtime. We can't just up-cast it either...

**1:** Maybe we _can_ have inheritance, but not in the sense of _extending_ things... like,
"building" types from each other (implementation inheritance).\
Instead, in the sense of compatibility of substitution (maybe only in function parameters, if that helps)...\
Some kind of "projections" / "views", or "implicit conversions"... Or both...

So...\
One of `trait`, `feature`, `contract`, `quality` and so on, and one of `has`, `fulfills`, `satisfies`, `promises`, `provides` and so on.

Then, probably, `feature`s would be called `-ability`, `-tion`, `-tance` and such...\

~~But wait... `function = (iterability: Iterability<some E>) { ... }`? Bleh...~~\
No: `function = (iterable: some I promises Iterability<some E>) { ... }`,\
and if we don't need `I`, then `function = (iterable: some promises Iterability<some E>) { ... }`?,\
also "bleh"...

By the way, let try the last one with the `[]` syntax for generics: `function = [E] (iterable: _ promises Iterability[E]) { ... }`\
Hey, it's Java again (and variance)!

But worse: `function = (iterable: _ promises Iterability[_]) { ... }` if we just want an iterable... :(

`function = (iterable: some promises Iterability<some>) { ... }` Whaaat?!

```
slot Iterator some T {
    next: None -> T
    hasNext: None -> Boolean
}

feature Iterability some T {
    iterator: Iterator<T>
}

type List some E promises Iterability<E> {
    ; ... implement an iterator
}

type Set some E promises Iterability<E> {
    ; ... implement an iterator
}

peek = (iterable: I promises Iterability<some>) -> I {
    for element in iterable {
        write(element)
    }
    return iterable
}

myList: List<Integer> = peek(list(1, 2, 3))
mySet: Set<String> = peek(set("a", "b", "c"))
```

Anyway... `slot`s probably can't "promise features" or "have traits" (or whatever I end up calling it), because why would they?\
~~We can't pass them around anyway... Right?~~ Above we're returning an `Iterator`, so... Uh...

Eh, I'm just reinventing OOP...

Anyway, that would fix compatibility of custom types with `for`. What about the other problem?

**2:** Maybe we do actually need something like I originally imagined for `slot`s, some kind of "freezing",
making an immutable "view", or "projection" of itself, which at the same time would be equivalent to a `type`.\
Maybe `slot`s _can_ "promise features", and then:

```
feature Mutable some C promises ??? { ; promises what? and who promises? Mutable promises or C promises?
    freeze: None -> C
}

slot MutableSet some E promises Mutable<Set<E>> {
    freeze: None -> Set<E> = () { ... }
}

type MutableOrNot some C = C | S promises Mutable<C> ; omg...
```

Ok: `promises what? and who promises? Mutable promises or C promises?`:
- Promises what? Nothing. That's it, we don't need anything else here...
- ... and if we did, by default, `Mutable promises ???`, otherwise use parentheses like this: `feature Mutable some (C promises ???)`,\
  now `C promises ???`...\
  still, kind of unintuitive... 1 point for ~~Gryffindor~~ defining generics with `type Type<T>` and function type
  `<T> T -> Boolean` (bleh!) instead of `type Type some T` and function type `some T -> Boolean`
  unless... `<T> -> Boolean`

But still, ugly as hell, so... maybe `slot`s can "implement", or "promise" (or whatever) `type`s and...

```
type Set some E {
    ...
}

slot MutableSet some E promises Set<E> {
    ; now, beautiful, all it takes is a cast:
    freeze = () { this as Set<E> }
    ; I guess we could do it without the "inheritance" but it would be unsafe, now we'd have a compilation error if it wasn't safe
}
```

By the way, this means, we CAN actually pass `slot`s to functions, just "undercover", as `type`s, which... is fine?\
In the function to which we pass them, we still can't mutate them...\
Because their true type is masked by the one we're passing them as.

Then we have to make a way of ensuring that their `interface` doesn't "survive" such up-casting and we control how we up-cast/convert (13.7.2.)...

Another experiment...

```
feature EmptyCopy some C { ; C for collection, I guess, btw, ugly name, but it's just an example
    emptyCopy: None -> Mutable<C>
}

feature Collection some E promises Iterability<E>, EmptyCopy<???>
; ... another keyword like "self" or "this", but to refer to the type in question?? eh.....
; anyway, features extending features?

type List some E promises Iterability<E>, EmptyCopy<List<E>> {
    ; ... actually implement next, hasNext (return Iterator), and emptyCopy
}

type Set some E promises Iterability<E>, EmptyCopy<Set<E>> {
    ; ... actually implement next, hasNext (return Iterator), and emptyCopy
}

map = (iterable: some I promises Iterability<E>, EmptyCopy<I>, function: E -> some R) -> I<R>????? {
    ; ... empty copy would have to be mutable to be useful, so... we HAVE to be able to return slots from functions...
    ; unless, of course, not:
    
    acc: I = iterable.emptyCopy()
    for element: E in iterable {
        acc.append(function(element)) ; now where does this come from? Collection, I guess, but how, what's the syntax?
    }
}
```

Uuuuhhhhhh... This blew up quickly... No, I don't think so... **BIG TODO**

----------------

By the way, making a `Set<some E> -> MutableSet<E>` is easy enough, just make an empty one and add/append in a loop, so that's nice.\
Anyway, to make a `MutableSet<some E> -> Set<E>` without any up-casting, inheritance etc., I guess we would have to use `with` and accumulate,
but that's a lot of reallocating memory... _cough..._ persistent data structures... **TODO**

~~Otherwise, maybe we employ `with`, and let it not just make a local constant mutable within its scope (see 7.1.), but also,
together with some, let's say, `mutations` clause in a `type`, actually make the type (**locally**) mutable
through only and exactly those mutations?~~

```
type Set[E] { ; the [] syntax for generics in this example, because why not, until I finally decide
    ; ... all the usual properties and "methods"
    
    mutations {
        add = (element: E) { ... }
        ; ...
    }
}

set = [E] (elements: Array[E]) {
    with set = emptySet("todo: how?") for e in elements {
        set.add(e)
    }
    return set
}

root = {
    numbers = set([1, 2, 3]) ; or maybe with varargs, we'll see about varargs...
    numbers.add(4) ; compilation error
    with numbers for what? in what? {
        numbers.add(4)
    }
}
```

~~So... I'd have to "free" `with` from the association with loops, maybe?~~

```
set = [E] (elements: Array[E]) {
    with set = emptySet("todo: how?") {
        for e in elements {
            set.add(e)
        }
    }
    return set
}

root = {
    numbers = set([1, 2, 3]) ; or maybe with varargs, we'll see about varargs...
    numbers.add(4) ; compilation error: `numbers` is not within a `with` block, or maybe...
    with numbers {
        numbers.add(4) ; ok
    }
    numbers.add(5) ; compilation error: ... mutation 'add' is not available outside of 'with' on type 'Set', or something...
}
```

~~Which means... (compare to 7.1.):~~

```
with x = 1 {
    ; x is mutable here
}
; x is immutable here
```

~~And...~~

```
numbers = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]
acc = 0
with acc for n in numbers {
    acc += n ; quite ok
}
acc += 1 ; not ok, compilation error
```

**But wait!** Types were supposed to not have identity! Uuuuughh... Also, if we do this, we might as well do nothing,
we can just pass types around and make them mutable with `with` inside each function locally... **BIG NOPE**

--------------

You know what... That's it for now, before my brain explodes... For now, if you want (a substitute for) polymorphic behavior,
use higher-order functions and ad-hoc instantiation/composition... Boom!