### There are no exceptions...

... only errors, and whether something is recoverable or not, can be known at the call site,
the user of an API knows, not its author.

Always try to find a way to avoid using errors. But sometimes, it's just too much trouble, for (probably) no good reason,
so throw errors only when...
- you know something is impossible, but the compiler doesn't
- you're not sure if something is possible, but it's probably not,
and you want to make your code "fail-fast" to fix it a.s.a.p when it does happen

Rescue errors only when you _really_ know what you're doing. By which I mean basically when you disagree that some error,
that a function may throw is actually an error. Then you write yourself a wrapper which returns a union type:
either the "normal" result, or some other one indicating the (according to you) "special case",
or (according to the function author) error.

To emphasize this, `throw` from other languages is `panic` and `catch` is `rescue`.

**Errors are for situations which are not supposed to occur!**

So what to replace Java's second-biggest mistake with? Values and union types.
**2023-04-27**: Units and union types, probably, but it's the same thing.

```
value NegativeFactorialArgument

safeFactorial = (x: Integer) -> Integer | NegativeFactorialArgument {
    if x < 0 {
        return NegativeFactorialArgument
    }
    if x == 0 {
        return 1
    }
    return x * self(x - 1)
}
```
```
error NegativeFactorialArgument

unsafeFactorial = (x: Integer) -> Integer {
    if x < 0 {
        panic NegativeFactorialArgument
    }
    if x == 0 {
        return 1
    }
    return x * self(x - 1)
}
```

Which to use? I don't know, you should know - it's your code in which you're about to use it.\
Did you validate the input already?

You can always use `unsafeFactorial` and then `rescue NegativeFactorialArgument`, if you insist - again, your choice.

Or use `safeFactorial` and force-cast the result `as Integer`. If it blows up, it's on you.

```
value MyCustomValue ; could just use None, I guess

safeDivide = (x: Number, y: Number) -> Number | MyCustomValue {
    try {
        return x / y
    } rescue e: DivisionByZero {
        return MyCustomValue
    }
}

; ... or just check if y == 0 before, with an if, but I just wanted to show a "try-rescue"

root = {
    x = readNumber()
    y = readNumber()
    result: Number = safeDivide(x, y) ; compilation error, check the type
}
```

Referencing the error is optional if we're not using any information in it, when the type itself is enough.

```
nullableDivide = (x: Integer, y: Integer) -> Number | None {
    try {
        return x / y
    } rescue DivisionByZero {
        return None
    }
}
```

All errors have an implicit property `message: String | None` for logging, debugging and such,
and maybe a `cause: some T | None`, where `T` has to be an error.\
There is a built-in, general-purpose `error Error`, and unlike "normal" types, it will probably be the "root" error,
because there will probably be inheritance of errors.\
`panic "Oh no!"` is syntactic sugar for `panic Error("Oh no!")`.\
`panic` (without anything else) is syntactic sugar for `panic Error`, which is the most "lazy" or "generic" option,
so avoid it:

```
if someCondition {
    ; this will never happen, I don't care, yolo
    panic
}
```

Remember, however, that the rule about being specific when throwing errors you've learned in other languages applies in Radish too.\
It's so that the users of your code, other programmers, can ~~catch~~, _cough_ `rescue` a specific error, not "all or nothing".\
On the other hand, don't just `rescue` (even though I guess I will leave it possible), instead, always `rescue SomeError`.\
Even `rescue ErrorA, ErrorB` (`rescue ErrorA | ErrorB`?) if they both can be handled in the same way (in the same block).

You could argue, that if I'm so against (checked) exceptions, maybe `/` operator itself should return a `Number | DivisionByZero`
in which case the `DivisionByZero` would be a `value` not an `error`?
Maybe, but for now, I guess not - we'll just say that `/` **expects** the divider to be non-zero.

Just like **you're not supposed to** try to get a 5th element of a 4-element array, and so on...\
(I will probably make a `safeGet` or `nullableGet` function or something, in the stdlib, though):

```
safeGet = infix (array: Array<some T>, index: Integer) -> T | None {
    return try {
        array[index]
    } rescue IndexOutOfBounds {
        None
    }
}

;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;

willBeNone = [1, 2, 3].safeGet(3)
```

But that's a digression.

And finally (pun possibly unintended), `finally`. It's just `finally`, like in every other language.

Should `try` be an expression, like in Kotlin? Probably... Maybe... TBD.

**2023-04-27:** Let me explain "Java's second-biggest mistake", not to be taken for some kind of "edgy self-appointed guru".

The mistake was that checked exceptions and runtime exceptions appear to be "almost the same thing".
So, naturally, people started using one where they should the other.
Or using (especially runtime) exceptions to "return more than one frame up", and generally, for logic, etc.
Or doing other stuff, like catch a checked exception to rethrow it wrapped in a runtime exception, or _do nothing_ ("swallow" the exception).
Out of laziness? Ignorance? Imprecise requirements? I don't know...

Actually, most of it could be done if you have runtime exceptions / errors in a given language, _at all_,
but at least the name `error` suggests something. **And** we have union types (and Java has `sealed` types now).

Conceptually, checked exceptions themselves were not bad, since they filled the role of algebraic data types.
They were simply too much "exception-" or "error-like",
and to little "this is a valid, expected outcome, don't worry, just don't forget to handle it, you're welcome".

**...IMHO!**

Oh, and of course, Java's _biggest_ mistake was no way of saying something is nullable vs never-null
(introducing the need for that one... _cough_ runtime exception).\
This, at least, doesn't seem to be controversial.