### SLOTs, or Simple Local Object Templates

So... classes? Pretty much, but... simple, I guess? And the objects are local, can't pass them around.
**TODO**: or do a bunch of other things.\
For example, can they contain (pointers to) each other? _Yes, but no cycles._ Multiple constructors? _Yes._
~~Then... overloading, right?~~ _No, just named constructors._\
How do we distinguish the argument of a "setter" method from the field, if they are named the same?
_Well, the field can only be the one on the "left" of the assignment operator, because only that makes sense,
and because it can't be the argument, which is immutable, so it has to be on the "right side" of assignment._\
~~Obviously, `this`, but... _another_ keyword? Same if the setter is also named the same...~~ **TODO TODO TODO**

Keywords: `slot`, `constructors`, `interface`, `mutation`.

```
slot Person {
    firstName: String
    lastName: String
    ageYears: Integer
    
    constructors {
        create = (firstName: String, lastName: String) {
            firstName = firstName
            lastName = lastName
            ageYears = 0
        }
        
        createWithAge = (firstName: String, lastName: String, ageYears: Integer) {
            firstName = firstName
            lastName = lastName
            ageYears = ageYears
        }
    }
    
    interface {
        fullName: None -> String = { firstName + " " + lastName }
        
        isAdult = () {
            return ageYears >= 18
        }
    
        setFirstName = mutation (firstName: String) {
            firstName = firstName
        }
        
        setName = mutation (firstName: String, lastName: String) {
            firstName = firstName
            lastName = lastName
        }
        
        incrementAge = mutation () {
            ageYears += 1
        }
    }
}
```

Now, `firstName: String`, `lastName: String`, `ageYears: Integer` are all private mutable state.

- In `constructors` you put functions which take any number of arguments and return `None` and they have to completely initiate the object.\
  You need at least one constructor, but you can have as many as you want.
- In `interface` you put... well, the interface, functions which may or may not take arguments, may or may not mutate the object
  and then may or may not return something.\
  **TODO:** what about "properties", like `person.isAdult` instead of `person.isAdult()`? Worth another keyword?\
  Also, in a way, it's kind of "obscuring" the fact that it's still a function, so maybe not.
  **TODO:** what if you want some "private final" stuff?

Anyway:

```
root = () {
    person = Person.create("John", "Smith")
    write(person.fullName()) ; John Smith
    person.setFirstName("Patrick")
    write(person.fullName()) ; Patrick Smith
}
```

But... why am I reinventing the wheel? Well, get this, `slot`s ~~can only be locally mutable and when they cross a scope boundary
(passed to a function or returned from one, or returned from a block (4.1. Blocks)),
they get "frozen", lose identity and behave like a standard, immutable value of some `type`.\
What type? Just look at the `properties` block.~~ are local, that's it.\

**TODO:** Maybe we can return them from functions? But not pass to functions? **2023-04-27**: Yes, we have to allow it.

_Definitely not pass, because then I might as well throw all the gymnastics around maintaining immutability into the trash.
And return... ~~Maybe as some immutable projections, views, etc...~~_

Anyway, `slot`s can contain `type`s, but not vice versa... And so on... Whatever restrictions we need
to prevent mutability from leaking out and for the automatic memory management to work.

Like, probably `slot` objects can't be captured in closures...?
(More to do with not sharing state, especially in asynchronous computing, than with memory management, but anyway...)

**2023-04-18:** ~~What about `slot`s containing other `slot`s, or even themselves?~~ Nope: (potential) cycles