### Files

Originally I was going to basically steal Python's system, but not anymore. There are basically 2 ways to import something:

```
import directory.file.indentifier
import directory.file
```

In the second case, it works like in Python: the `file` will be like an "ad-hoc namespace".
Combine that with import aliases, and we have 4 options total:

```
import directory.file.indentifier
import directory.file

import directory.file.indentifier as alias
import directory.file as alias
```

We always have to start from some common root, the `src` directory, let's say.
Or the _globally unique_ name of a library, which could, but _doesn't have to_ follow the Java `com.domain.artifact` style.\
No relative paths to files.

### Access control

Files are modules. No "default" visibility between files in the same directory. In other words, no package-private from Java.

Private access is the default, and you need to `export` stuff, if you want to `import` it somewhere else.\
If you make a function for internal use, which you never intend to import, good, you don't have to do anything, even if you forgot.\
In fact, it's impossible to forget to make stuff private - it's private by default.

But let's say you want to import it, but forgot to add `export`. You go to the other file and `import` it.\
Boom! Compilation error! `Module <...> does not export <what you wanted to import>`, or something...\
You sigh deeply, go back to the file with the definition and make it `export`ed.\
Clean!

In opposite case, you may sometimes forget and leave something accidentally public, and you wouldn't get an error.
Shouldn't be too much of a problem in a language, which promotes immutability and avoids side effects, etc., but still...

Also, `export` - `import`, just a little... symmetry...